sample 1042U has empty output
sample 1044R has empty output
sample 1105C has empty output
sample 1105D has empty output
sample 1105E has empty output
sample 1110H has empty output
sample 1110K has empty output
sample 1252E has empty output
sample 1252RR has empty output
sample 1252VV has empty output
sample 2065A has empty output
sample 2065B has empty output
sample 2065C has empty output
sample 2065D has empty output
sample 2065E has empty output
sample 2142A has empty output
sample 2142C has empty output
sample 668B has empty output
sample FMT.0009A has empty output
sample FMT.0009AA has empty output
sample FMT.0035A has empty output
sample FMT.0064G has empty output
sample FMT.0064M has empty output
sample FMT.0066R has empty output
sample FMT.0091E has empty output
sample FMT.0092EE has empty output
sample FMT.0092G has empty output
sample FMT.0092I has empty output
sample FMT.0092II has empty output
sample FMT.0094A has empty output
sample FMT.0099A has empty output
sample FMT.0103A has empty output
sample FMT.0106A has empty output
sample FMT.0113B has empty output
sample FMT.0114A has empty output
sample FMT.0114G has empty output
sample FMT.0114H has empty output
sample FMT.0187O has empty output
sample FMT.0187P has empty output
